Note 0 Index

Note 2 Graphic Facilities on the JADE NORD-10 Computer

Note 3 Status of Monte-Carlo and Off-Line Programs

Note 4 Standards to JADE-Library programmers

Note 5 Conventions of Jet Chamber Data Formats for Pattern Recognition and Related Programs

Note 6 Proposal for Management of Calibration Data

Note 7 IBM - NORD, Data transfer via magnetic tape

Note 8 The JADE BOS System

Note 9 Version No. Identifier for Lead Glass analysis Programs

Note 10 Monte Carlo Formats

Note 11a Track Bank from Pattern Recognition Program last version 18.4.80 by G.F. Pearce

Note 11 Use of BOS-Banks Generating Subroutine Package in the First Stage Data Reduction Program

Note 12 Track bank from pattern recognition program

Note 12v2 Track bank from pattern recognition program

Note 13 Simple Way to Analyse JADE Data on Tapes

Note 14a JADE Computer Note 14a

Note 14c JADE Computer Note 14c

Note 14d JADE Computer Note 14d

Note 14 Lead glass cluster bank structure

Note 15 Data Acquisition System: Physical Record

Note 16 Data format of the tagging bank

Note 17 Data format of the tagging Banks

Note 18 How to Change Existing Analysis Routines

Note 19 LIFILE - a Program to Prepare File Statistics on the NORD

Note 20a Output Format of TOF Program

Note 20 Output Format of TOF Program

Note 21 Hit label bank created by PATREC

Note 22 Mu Software Information, Issue 4

Note 23a IBM Trigger Banks

Note 23b Trigger Words

Note 23 IBM data banks

Note 24a JADE Computer Note 24a

Note 24 Printing Half-Word Banks

Note 25 Reading and writing of real and MTC-event data

Note 26 Monte Carlo tracking

Note 27 JADE data reduction, STEP 1

Note 28 Editing pattern recognition results in the JADE graphics

Note 29 How to create graphics modules within the JADE graphics framework

Note 30 Spinning lead glass analysis

Note 31 Description of philosophy of muon filter tracks pattern recognition program 'TRACK'

Note 32 How to use vertex fit program

Note 33 Small programs with very large PROG files

Note 34 JADE graphics program

Note 35 Energy correction for showers in the lead glass counters

Note 36 The function EBEAM

Note 37 IBM action Bits in the bank 'HEAD'

Note 38 Cuts of first data reduction

Note 39a The CPU-Time Contingent and its Usage

Note 39 Convention about the Use of Computer Time

Note 40 Monte Carlo tracking through lead glass

Note 41 Document preparation using the Nord 10/S

Note 42 The Subroutines REDONE and REDTVA A General Second Reduction Program

Note 43 A general second reduction program

Note 44 Change of JETCAL + improve Resolution for Tracks close to the Wire Plane

Note 45a New jet chamber constants which are applied for the data taken in 1981

Note 45 New corrections for the space-time relation in the JET chamber

Note 46 Instalment of the New Jet Chamber Calibration

Note 47 New Pattern Recognition Programs

Note 48 Subroutine JREKAL (IERR) on 'F11CH0.JADEGL'

Note 49 Subroutine REFITO(IPTR;IPJHTL,X0,YO,WGHT0) on 1F11GOO.PATRELID1

Note 50 Miproc Result Bank 'MPRS'

Note 51 A General Routine for the Fast Reconstruction of Jet Events

Note 52 Adendum to computer note 52. Replacing computer note 22

Note 53 How to use JADE volumes on mass storage system

Note 54 Detector Monte-Carlo

Note 55 The muon Monte-Carlo at DESY

Note 56 Search for a track in PATR(10) bank or any other PATR bank - which corresponds to a selected Monte Carlo generated track of PATR bank 12

Note 57 How to use the improved Jet Cahmber callibration

Note 58 New conventions for callibration data

Note 59 Run dependent Event Vertex on callibration file

Note 60 Refit tracks with run vertex constrain

Note 61 Refit all tracks with run vertex constrain

Note 62 JADE reformat program

Note 63a JADE computer note 63a

Note 63 z-Recalibration

Note 64 Help for JADE (on the computer)

Note 65 Subroutine GGFIT(EMAS,PROB)

Note 66a JADE computer note 66a

Note 66 Inner detector spearing and detector simulation in JADE Monte Carlo events

Note 67 The JADE MOnte Carlo

Note 68 The JADE calibration scheme

Note 69 Monte Carlo traceback

Note 70 Monte Carlo simulation of electormagnetic Showers in the Lead-Glass

Note 71 New dE/dx callibration

Note 72 Monte Carlo data validation

Note 73 The JADE supervison program: An introduction for newcommers

Note 74 Analysis routines for tagging system

Note 75 Routines for converted photons

Note 76 A collection of Programs used in the analysis of inclusive photon production

Note 77 Copying of source files and data files from the JADE-NORD10 to the IBM and vice-versa

Note 78 Decays of K± and K0 in MC

Note 79 The JADE TP program

Note 80 Format of the generation 8 TP banks

Note 81 LUMI and RANDOM events on TAPE

Note 82 MUTANA -- a simple algorithm to find tracks in the muon filter

Note 83 Re-analysis of multihadronic events

Note 84 Efficiency corrections due to online and offline event filtering

Note 85 JADEZ the JADE graphics program

Note 86 Tagging System Monte Carlo

Note 87a JADE computer note 87a

Note 87 Error in the Monte Carlo simulation

Note 88 How to Handle Lead Glass Clusters in Calculating the Visible Energy

Note 89 Calibration for 1986 REUC1 and status of Rutherford tapes

Note 90 Jet chanber cell inefficiencies in 1986

Note 91 Neutral triggers on tape

Note 92 REDUC1 and REDUC2 for 1986 Data

Note 93 JADE computer note 94

Note 94 A general s−z fit routine ZSRFTV

Note 95 Improved resolution with z-chamber hits

Note 96 Changes to dE/dx routines and description of Bank JHQT

Note 97 dE/dx Monte Carlo

Note 98 Minutes of the JADE software meeting of Dec. 14 1987 at DESY

Note 99 A new compact data format: description of bank ZE4V

Note 100 Vertex chanber software

Note 101 Reconstruction of cluster energies in the barrel lead glass

Note 102 The new TP program version 9

Note 103 A Guide to the Resurrected JADE Data and Software (2003)

[", "Mills", "Bartel", "Dittmann", "Heuer, Nozaki, Olsson, Steffen", "O'Neill", "Dittmann", "Stork", "Yamada", "", "Steffen", "Steffen", "Steffen", "Steffen", "Steffen", "Yamada", "Yamada", "Yamada", "Yamada", "Dittmann, Yen", "Hughes, Wriedt", "Steffen", "Allison et al.", "Mills", "Kawabata", "Kawabata", "Steffen", "Allison et al", "Helm, Naroska", "Naroska", "Bartel", "Yamada", "Allison", "Elsen, Olsson", "Elsen", "Goddard, Olsson", "Olsson, Goddard", "Pearce, Olsson", "Watanabe", "Prosper", "Dittmann", "Mills", "Olsson, O'Neill", "Takeda, Watanabe", "Olsson", "Steffen", "Goddard, Olsson, Steffen", "Bartel", "Bartel", "Bartel et al.", "Mills", "Olsson", "Olsson", "Steffen", "Nozaki", "Nozaki", "Elsen et al.", "Steffen", "Steffen", "Steffen", "Eichler", "Goddard", "Bowdery, McCann", "Steffen", "Elsen", "Barlow", "Steffen", "Steffen", "Steffen", "Steffen", "Steffen", "Steffen", "Bartel, Becker", "Becker", "Becker, Heinzelmann", "Glasser", "Glasser", "Hagemann, Olsson, Ramcke", "Hagemann, Olsson, Ramcke", "Barlow", "Steffen", "Bowdery", "Meier", "Becker, Heinzelmann", "Bowdery", "Bowdery, Olsson", "Finch", "Kuhlen", "Meyer", "Krehbiel", "Hellenbrand", "Yamada, Bowdery, Elsen", "Bowdery, Yamada", "Olsson", "Mills", "Elsen, Hellenbrand", "Mills, Olsson", "Bowdery, Olsson", "Finch", "Olsson", "Bartel, Olsson", "Hellenbrand", "Elsen, Olsson", "Elsen", "Olsson", "Elsen, Olsson", "Hill", "Spitzer", "Elsen, Spitzer", "Elsen, Ambrus", "Elsen", "Bartel", "Eckerlin, Zimmer", "Hagermann, Kleinworth, Ramcke", "Pitzl", "Bowdery, Pryce", "Fernández]

[010189, 140877, 150177, 011277, 300178, 030878, 040978, 050878, 061078, 091178, 171178, 010279, 211178, 211178, 201178, 291178, 230279, 070897, 050599, 310779, 260379, 010279, 010279, 150279, 210279, 090379, 140182, 010284, 090379, 060679, 090879, 140379, 120881, 150579, 050679, 051079, 121079, 211079, 151179, 110280, 150280, 030982, 040380, 110480, 150480, 090580, 020680, 020680, 120680, 250680, 160980, 250880, 250880, 080980, 080980, 270381, 271080, 281180, 281180, 281180, 230281, 110581, 201081, 101180, 150582, 1181, 140182, 120882, 120882, 120882, 180882, 121082, 260583, 051283, 270783, 180883, 240883, 0883, 210983, 281083, 150584, 250183, 270284, 010284, 220384, 160584, 110684, 280684, 071184, 171284, 121284, 170485, 060685, 240685, 100785, 200885, 070186, 120686, 191086, 150386, 130686, 100786, 281186, 130187, 090287, 240287, 0387, 260387, 100587, 220787, 251187, 050188, 260188, 150288, 190588, 110888, 200903]

path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/0Index.pdf size=137529 checksum=46c1eb5f
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/10.pdf size=306074 checksum=cbb6b90c
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/100.pdf size=360837 checksum=55a69faa
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/101.pdf size=385882 checksum=10986d99
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/102.pdf size=1254353 checksum=e5c800b9
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/103.pdf size=829048 checksum=b525b56a
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/11.pdf size=46679 checksum=62cec278
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/11a.pdf size=95947 checksum=54566301
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/12.pdf size=117423 checksum=1b6424a9
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/12v2.pdf size=164278 checksum=e3fa3123
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/13.pdf size=29812 checksum=b2116786
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/14.pdf size=114411 checksum=c0a96ddc
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/14a.pdf size=134099 checksum=4f9fe3ee
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/14c.pdf size=189175 checksum=876e8410
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/14d.pdf size=260037 checksum=a16841d6
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/15.pdf size=115760 checksum=d0286dbe
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/16.pdf size=322560 checksum=24e3e7ee
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/17.pdf size=50439 checksum=c7db83b4
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/18.pdf size=143379 checksum=6e2e9116
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/19.pdf size=178474 checksum=ca8a23f0
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/2.pdf size=190428 checksum=8291869e
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/20.pdf size=48895 checksum=81a6122d
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/20a.pdf size=50124 checksum=bd43e350
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/21.pdf size=305918 checksum=d19c6bec
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/22.pdf size=3623540 checksum=0582b6d5
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/23.pdf size=347446 checksum=59d6d838
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/23a.pdf size=268146 checksum=aade2d4f
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/23b.pdf size=41647 checksum=ea2b0267
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/24.pdf size=74940 checksum=6a653eaf
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/24a.pdf size=262335 checksum=1de52c33
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/25.pdf size=66303 checksum=2da6e027
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/26.pdf size=100106 checksum=a6030199
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/27.pdf size=249887 checksum=8286bfeb
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/28.pdf size=329352 checksum=d66b9a25
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/29.pdf size=167766 checksum=e5cd8e9c
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/3.pdf size=239271 checksum=8fa1721f
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/30.pdf size=217490 checksum=9871cde6
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/31.pdf size=246645 checksum=596ba454
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/32.pdf size=204572 checksum=30cf74ae
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/33.pdf size=77495 checksum=ff586b22
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/34.pdf size=625295 checksum=1886ec9f
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/35.pdf size=940564 checksum=e870ff62
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/36.pdf size=40577 checksum=fd154572
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/37.pdf size=33430 checksum=4249d8b9
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/38.pdf size=187956 checksum=d52470cc
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/39.pdf size=36456 checksum=5eba79a4
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/39a.pdf size=178903 checksum=b870ef0b
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/4.pdf size=81823 checksum=17a6ec26
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/40.pdf size=31411 checksum=82e3b9ef
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/41.pdf size=448841 checksum=0dabf3d8
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/42.pdf size=91854 checksum=97147e70
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/43.pdf size=294509 checksum=34d1201a
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/44.pdf size=40871 checksum=bc8c4fd7
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/45.pdf size=300845 checksum=fa607b80
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/45a.pdf size=90590 checksum=6f3a85be
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/46.pdf size=124831 checksum=6af99040
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/47.pdf size=59789 checksum=3b24170f
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/48.pdf size=18050 checksum=28fb54ea
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/49.pdf size=66377 checksum=3ad1b92d
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/5.pdf size=261490 checksum=aab33a1b
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/50.pdf size=51934 checksum=9a2f7d6d
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/51.pdf size=1145458 checksum=0db113d1
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/52.pdf size=77313 checksum=89308edc
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/53.pdf size=111515 checksum=4b5621c7
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/54.pdf size=187350 checksum=5d96e158
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/55.pdf size=140334 checksum=2b80311c
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/56.pdf size=160104 checksum=7d70588c
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/57.pdf size=94889 checksum=bf76f4dc
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/58.pdf size=102619 checksum=afe25a60
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/59.pdf size=44714 checksum=b353a8cb
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/6.pdf size=327803 checksum=ca97e806
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/60.pdf size=95921 checksum=4a268e14
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/61.pdf size=53664 checksum=ccec24d1
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/62.pdf size=128074 checksum=8bc6d001
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/63.pdf size=179464 checksum=81b0a9dd
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/63a.pdf size=52775 checksum=653c030c
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/64.pdf size=88352 checksum=799d9aae
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/65.pdf size=98988 checksum=a98d257c
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/66.pdf size=801251 checksum=89a4c4b9
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/66a.pdf size=77194 checksum=ced0e952
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/67.pdf size=691593 checksum=cbfcf4b4
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/68.pdf size=233990 checksum=05ac7b52
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/69.pdf size=459468 checksum=7e13c542
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/7.pdf size=342016 checksum=9602a417
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/70.pdf size=231213 checksum=e330deb0
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/71.pdf size=125655 checksum=79baf953
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/72.pdf size=127216 checksum=5687eb44
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/73.pdf size=328510 checksum=2f824ce9
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/74.pdf size=423149 checksum=98bb30be
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/75.pdf size=146431 checksum=52ae6426
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/76.pdf size=196831 checksum=6d28f0ee
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/77.pdf size=306828 checksum=25339e55
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/78.pdf size=353094 checksum=b9990244
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/79.pdf size=599534 checksum=7c4db87e
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/8.pdf size=391923 checksum=95918cc6
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/80.pdf size=292509 checksum=05b9251c
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/81.pdf size=385265 checksum=dc6df55b
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/82.pdf size=572542 checksum=5018e6ce
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/83.pdf size=122691 checksum=ff6b4dea
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/84.pdf size=155150 checksum=519de047
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/85.pdf size=845055 checksum=e5af7c3f
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/86.pdf size=183134 checksum=8f6edbba
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/87.pdf size=295617 checksum=0e894446
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/87a.pdf size=83243 checksum=67433820
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/88.pdf size=322170 checksum=c7df8730
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/89.pdf size=350874 checksum=83b22ebe
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/9.pdf size=52882 checksum=fbe0fdf2
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/90.pdf size=163882 checksum=4607a06e
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/91.pdf size=1174385 checksum=e720af20
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/92.pdf size=427876 checksum=40c97135
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/93.pdf size=334110 checksum=e19fd81c
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/94.pdf size=845400 checksum=6aa99cd3
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/95.pdf size=229667 checksum=6824dc89
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/96.pdf size=82304 checksum=4518c8b8
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/97.pdf size=293114 checksum=a74e4c63
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/98.pdf size=2485521 checksum=080e0c4f
path=/eos/opendata/jade/documentation/notes/99.pdf size=329116 checksum=778977ed